Update upgrade guide for active storage streaming [ci-skip] (#44296)
rails/rails: guides/source/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.md

Reducing the size of `$LOAD_PATH` speed-up `require` calls for apps not using `bootsnap`, and reduce the
size of the `bootsnap` cache for the others.

> ### Active Storage's BaseController no longer includes the Streaming concern
> 
> Applications that inherit from BaseController in order to create custom file serving logic must include the `ActiveStorage::Streaming` concern in those controllers. 

Reviewer: I tweaked the wording a bit.  What do you think?

```suggestion
### `ActiveStorage::BaseController` no longer includes the streaming concern

Application controllers that inherit from `ActiveStorage::BaseController` and use streaming to implement custom file serving logic must now explicitly include the `ActiveStorage::Streaming` module.
```

Author: I was hoping someone would do that. I've updated the commit.
